Responses to JOSS review (#24)
kellykochanski/rescal-snow: docs/rescal-snow-tutorial.md

![](example_images/snowfall_example.gif)

snowfall-wind phase diagram

The runs with the higher snowfall rate have a much deeper average snow depth than the runs with lower snowfall rate. The runs with high wind speed (low Tau_min) have less even snow cover, with better-defined ripples and dunes.

    Parallel run errors?

        msub/sbatch commands not allowed by your computing cluster -> seek support from someone familiar with the cluster
        permissions errors -> run chmod u+rwx \* in test_parallel_runs; contact administrator if this is disallowed
        script could not find input (run.run or run.par or sealevel_snow.prop) -> rerun param_space_exploration_example.py and confirm that it produced the output above; check that you're running msub/sbatch from scripts; check relative directory references in msub/sbatch script and submit.sh

>         runs time out before producing useful output -> increase walltime; large simulations on slow machines may ultimately take a few hours

Reviewer: This is poorly formatted and hard to read/follow

Author: From the line numbers, these were part of the copy-paste error.

Author: The text belongs at the bottom of the tutorial (where it now is, as part of the parallel parameter space exploration example). There, it's formatted more helpfully with bullet points:

>*Parallel run errors?*
>
> - msub/sbatch commands not allowed by your computing cluster -> seek support from someone familiar with the cluster
> - permissions errors -> run `chmod u+rwx \*` in test_parallel_runs; contact administrator if this is disallowed
> - script could not find input (run.run or run.par or sealevel_snow.prop) -> rerun param_space_exploration_example.py and confirm that it produced the output above; check that you're running msub/sbatch from scripts; check relative directory references in msub/sbatch script and submit.sh
> - runs time out before producing useful output -> increase walltime; large simulations on slow machines may ultimately take a few hours

Run ReSCAL within python

There is an option to run ReSCAL in such a way that the .csp files are piped to a python process that processes them while ReSCAL is running. This can be useful for reducing the amount of disc space used and may have a siginific
ant speed increase for some configurations. There is an example of how to do this at docs/rescal-in-python.md. For more information on processing the .csp files within python, see docs/modify-cellspace.md.

    © 2019 GitHub, Inc.
    Terms
    Privacy
    Security
    Status
    Help

    Contact GitHub
    Pricing
    API
    Training
    Blog

>     About

Reviewer: @kellykochanski this looks like copy paste errors

Author: That's embarrassing. Fixed in a5c42dd .

```bash
cd scripts

> ./sintering.run

Reviewer: @kellykochanski I think you're missing a command here, or forgot to add your changes to the .run script?

Author: If you still have files around from `snow_cone.run`, `sintering.run` will prompt you to delete them, without requiring the user to run an extra command.

Author: Clarifying in tutorial:

You can run an example snow feature with sintering with:
```bash
cd scripts
./sintering.run
```

As we are running all the tutorials in the same `scripts` directory, it's important to delete old output to avoid mixing the output from two runs. The `sintering.run` command should prompt you to do this:
```bash
Deleting files of types *.(png|bin|csp|log|gz|data|vel|car) in current directory [n|y] and out directory ?
y
```
Or you can do it manually with `./clean`.

Reviewer: Looks good. I missed the commit changing the behavior of the clean script, which is getting invoked in the `.run` scripts.

The snowfall example, above, produces png files among its outputs. Unfortunately, the default rescal-snow rendering does not capture the behavior of these dunes as well as it captured the cone; the falling snow obscures the surface (left-most picture in image below; airborne
grains are red).

To see the output clearly, we will make custom images with matplotlib (Python). We will make topographic maps showing the dunes' elevation. This data is output in scripts/out/ALTIxxxxx.log files; their output frequency is controlled by the `-dcsp` flag in the run script.

## 4. Visualizing the simulation output <a name="visualizing"></a>

> We have included a script to recolor three example output frames from the snowfall simulation:

Reviewer: @kellykochanski: Not quite true anymore. Maybe wording like this would be better? But feel free to use something different.

```suggestion
The following python commands may be run (interactively, or as a script) to recolor three example output frames from the snowfall simulation:
```
